src/content/blog/spring24-officer-elections.md, before:

---
title: "Officer Elections - Spring 2024"
description: "All of the information required to run for an officer for next year!"
pubDate: "April 30 2024"
coverImage: "/spring24-project.png"
category: "events"
draft: false
---

Welcome back to our blog, App Developers! We are electing new officers for the 2024-2025 calendar year, and in this blog post we will outline all of the details about the election process.

## Event Details
**When**: Wednesday, May 8th from 6-7pm PST

**Where**: Kelley Engineering Center 1001 or on [Zoom](https://oregonstate.zoom.us/j/92280039715?pwd=cFozV2cxeUlzVFQ5czQ5TnJqMTVsQT09)

## Officer Roles

- **President** - Responsible for the direction of the club. Lead meetings, orchestrate club projects, organize officers, and bring vision to the club's future.
- **Vice-President** - Assist the President in all operations, take responsibility when President is absent.
- **Secretary** - Manages and handles external communications, collaborates with Pres/Vice Pres.
- **Treasurer** - handles the clubs funds, reimbursements, and works with President in all funding matters.
- **Webmaster** - Maintains our main club website, online presence, and oversees Zoom during meetings.
- **Public Relations** - Involved in all advertising and marketing campaigns, manages social media pages.

## Registration Details

If you are running for a position, you will briefly present with a slide or two on why you are running for the position. Your presentation will be capped at 3 minutes, so make sure to keep it less than that threshold! If you want to run for a position but cannot be there physically on week 6, please message us immediately - you'll join remotely on Zoom!  After everyone has presented, the winners will be decided by popular vote, and the results of the election will be announced at the end of the meeting!

If you are running, here is the important tasks you need to do:
- Make a slideshow and prepare your presentation using the following template. Make a copy and modify it to your needs! [Link to Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1szhQpss7SMeITMkQ-JnSfHjGyxxcEHluo51xBEOwd9w/edit?usp=sharing)

- Make sure you have filled out the following form to register for officer roles. [Registration Form](https://forms.gle/PSXvLiXAmADZFhrS7)

All roles are flexible, and we don't always stick to these roles 100% of the way. They provide a good baseline of expectations for what you should be working on, but you can have more responsibilities if you would like to be more involved. If you have any questions about what it's like to become an officer or how to run as one please DM one of us or send a message in our server!

Commit message:

blog: added cover image and Learn More section

src/content/blog/spring24-officer-elections.md, after:

---
title: "Officer Elections - Spring 2024"
description: "All of the information required to run for an officer for next year!"
pubDate: "April 30 2024"
coverImage: "/spring24-officer-elections.png"
category: "events"
draft: false
---

Welcome back to our blog, App Developers! We are electing new officers for the 2024-2025 calendar year, and in this blog post we will outline all of the details about the election process.

## About the Club

##### If you want to learn more about our club before running for an officer position, check out the following links:
- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/eae2rdQDPA)
- Check out our [About Page](https://osuapp.club/about) 

## Event Details
**When**: Wednesday, May 8th from 6-7pm PST

**Where**: Kelley Engineering Center 1001 or on [Zoom](https://oregonstate.zoom.us/j/92280039715?pwd=cFozV2cxeUlzVFQ5czQ5TnJqMTVsQT09)

## Officer Roles

- **President** - Responsible for the direction of the club. Lead meetings, orchestrate club projects, organize officers, and bring vision to the club's future.
- **Vice-President** - Assist the President in all operations, take responsibility when President is absent.
- **Secretary** - Manages and handles external communications, collaborates with Pres/Vice Pres.
- **Treasurer** - handles the clubs funds, reimbursements, and works with President in all funding matters.
- **Webmaster** - Maintains our main club website, online presence, and oversees Zoom during meetings.
- **Public Relations** - Involved in all advertising and marketing campaigns, manages social media pages.

## Registration Details

If you are running for a position, you will briefly present with a slide or two on why you are running for the position. Your presentation will be capped at 3 minutes, so make sure to keep it less than that threshold! If you want to run for a position but cannot be there physically on week 6, please message us immediately - you'll join remotely on Zoom!  After everyone has presented, the winners will be decided by popular vote, and the results of the election will be announced at the end of the meeting!

If you are running, here is the important tasks you need to do:
- Make a slideshow and prepare your presentation using the following template. Make a copy and modify it to your needs! [Link to Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1szhQpss7SMeITMkQ-JnSfHjGyxxcEHluo51xBEOwd9w/edit?usp=sharing)

- Make sure you have filled out the following form to register for officer roles. [Registration Form](https://forms.gle/PSXvLiXAmADZFhrS7)

All roles are flexible, and we don't always stick to these roles 100% of the way. They provide a good baseline of expectations for what you should be working on, but you can have more responsibilities if you would like to be more involved. If you have any questions about what it's like to become an officer or how to run as one please DM one of us or send a message in our server!
